First pass at tips for debugging on Windows. (#56)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/developer/interface/debugging.md

# Debugging Tips

## Windows

### Visual Studio

> When starting the interface using the **Local Windows Debugger**, you will want to set the Interface as your startup project. To do this, open your **Solution Explorer**. Then, expand the "Apps" folder and right click on **interface** and click "Set as Startup Project".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Interface from Visual Studio with the debugger attached you need to set Interface as the startup project. To do this, in **Solution Explorer**, expand the "Apps" folder, right click **interface**, and select "Set as Startup Project". Now **Debug > Start Debugging** and the **Local Windows Debugger** button on the debug toolbar will start Interface.
```

> If you do not do this, the solution will try to start the debugger with **ALL_BUILD** under the "CMakeTargets" folder, resulting in an "Access is Denied" error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not set the startup project to Interface, the debugger will try to start **ALL_BUILD** under the "CMakeTargets" folder, resulting in an "Access is Denied" error.
```
